DOCS-10220-create-and-implement-nav-partials (#127)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshoot-access-management.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> These are some tips about what to do if you encounter these issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tips provide information on what to do if you encounter issues.
```

Reviewer: These/these
The first These needs something to modify...

== Problems with Accessing Anypoint Platform

> === Sign in Credentials are not recognized

Reviewer: Are these headings actual errors? If they are not, then use Title Case.

Author: ```suggestion
=== Sign in Credentials are Not Recognized
```

If your credentials aren't recognized when you try to log in to Anypoint Platform, try the following:

* Check that you are using the correct URL to log in to your organization. +
If your organization uses an external identity management system, your login URL is *anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/_yourOrganizationDomain_*.
* Verify that you are using the correct username and password for the account.
* If your organization isn't using an external identity management system and your login credentials aren't working, reset your password or ask your Organization Administrator if your account is still active.

> === Access Management invitation link returns an error

Reviewer: Title Case

Reviewer: global

Author: ```suggestion
=== Access Management Invitation Link Returns an Error
```

See xref:configure-client-management-openid-task.adoc[Configure OpenID Connect Client Management]

> === Error received when doing a redirect

Author: ```suggestion
=== Error Received When Doing a Redirect
```
